COMPLETE TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Qyvox
Zero-Knowledge Verifiable Identity Engine
Prove the fact. Keep the data.
A beginner-friendly but implementation-grounded guide for product leaders, investors,
engineers, security reviewers, auditors, and enterprise evaluators.
IMPLEMENTATION BASELINE / 27 AUGUST 2026 / VERSION 1.0
QYVOX / PROVE THE FACT. KEEP THE DATA.
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
DOCUMENT GUIDE
How to use this handbook
This handbook is deliberately written in layers. A reader with no cryptography background can begin
with the executive overview and the plain-language primer. A technical reader can move directly to the
circuit, API, database, test, and deployment chapters. A security reviewer should concentrate on the
trust boundaries, threat model, failure behavior, limitations, and production roadmap.
Reading paths by audience
Reader Recommended path
New to zero knowledge Chapters 1-8, then the glossary and FAQ.
Investor or grant reviewer Chapters 1-4, 24-26, 33-35, and the validation snapshot.
Frontend engineer Chapters 5-8, 14-16, 22, 28-31.
Backend or platform
Chapters 5-8, 17-23, 28-32.
engineer
Cryptography engineer or
Chapters 9-13 and 24-27, then source appendices.
auditor
Enterprise buyer or
Chapters 3-4, 17-27, 33-36, and the FAQ.
compliance reviewer
BASELINE VERSUS PRODUCTION Every section distinguishes what exists in the repository today from what Qyvox
must add before it should be marketed as an issuer-backed, production identity network.
Document control and accuracy boundary
• Source of truth: the Qyvox repository located at the project workspace on 27 August 2026.
• Credentials: no Supabase key, bearer token, password, ceremony entropy, or private environment
value is reproduced in this document.
• Legal posture: privacy and compliance commentary is technical guidance, not legal advice.
• Cryptographic posture: Groth16 security is computational and assumption-based; this guide
avoids claims of absolute or information-theoretic secrecy.
• Benchmark posture: timing results are environment-specific observations, not service-level
guarantees or mobile-device claims.
PAGE 2
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
NAVIGATION
Contents
The editable Word edition uses real heading styles and internal links. Select any chapter below to jump
to it. Page numbering may be refreshed in Microsoft Word after future edits.
PART I / UNDERSTANDING THE PROBLEM
01 Executive overview
02 The identity-data problem
03 What Qyvox proves
04 What Qyvox does not prove
PART II / ZERO KNOWLEDGE FROM FIRST PRINCIPLES
05 A zero-knowledge mental model
06 Arithmetic circuits and R1CS
07 Groth16 lifecycle
08 Trusted setup and security assumptions
PART III / THE QYVOX CIRCUIT
09 Circuit specification
10 Line-by-line circuit walkthrough
11 Boundary conditions and negative tests
12 Artifacts and version binding
PART IV / BROWSER PROVING AND USER EXPERIENCE
13 Frontend architecture
14 Private input lifecycle
15 Proof generation in the browser
16 Execution receipt and developer playground
PART V / API, AUTHENTICATION, AND PERSISTENCE
17 API contract
18 Authentication and authorization
19 Verification pipeline
20 Replay protection
21 Database schema and row-level security
22 Status, CORS, and failure semantics
PAGE 3
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
PART VI / SECURITY MODEL AND PRODUCTION HARDENING
23 Threat model
24 Attack analysis and current controls
25 Secrets, dependencies, and supply-chain security
26 Privacy, governance, and compliance posture
27 Production architecture roadmap
PART VII / BUILD, RUN, TEST, AND OPERATE
28 Repository map
29 Local setup and first proof
30 Configuration reference
31 Testing and validation
32 Deployment, observability, and incident response
33 Troubleshooting
PART VIII / PRODUCT, BUSINESS, AND RESEARCH STRATEGY
34 Product and business value
35 Enterprise adoption and integration
36 Research and benchmarking program
37 Open source, auditability, and trust
PART IX / REFERENCE APPENDICES
A API examples
B Glossary
C Frequently asked questions
D Release and audit checklist
E Source-of-truth index
Core promise in one sentence
QYVOX The browser proves that a private birth-year witness satisfies an 18+ threshold, while the server
receives only a Groth16 proof and two public signals and stores only a minimal verification receipt.
PAGE 4
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
PART I
Understanding the problem
Why privacy-preserving predicates matter, what Qyvox is, and exactly what the current
baseline can and cannot claim.
01 Executive overview
02 The identity-data problem
03 What Qyvox proves
04 What Qyvox does not prove
PAGE 5
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 01 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Executive overview
A ten-minute orientation to the product, architecture, and honest security boundary.
Qyvox is a zero-knowledge age-eligibility demonstrator. A user enters a birth year into a Next.js
interface. The browser constructs a witness and generates a Groth16 proof with WebAssembly and
SnarkJS. The birth year is never placed in the application request. FastAPI authenticates the requester,
checks the public statement, rejects exact proof replays, verifies the proof against a pinned verification
key, and writes a privacy-minimal receipt to Supabase PostgreSQL.
The key product idea is data minimization by architecture. Many businesses need a yes/no policy
decision, such as “is this person at least eighteen?”, but collect the underlying personal fact anyway.
Qyvox demonstrates how a verifier can receive evidence of a predicate instead of receiving the raw
witness. This shifts the server from being a custodian of a sensitive fact to being a verifier of a
cryptographic statement.
Figure 1. Qyvox trust-boundary architecture
PAGE 6
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
The current implementation at a glance
Qyvox implementation stack
Layer Technology Responsibility
Constrains 16-bit years and forces currentYear - birthYear to be at least
Circuit Circom 2 + circomlib
18.
Generates Groth16 proof inside the browser from private and public
Local prover SnarkJS + WebAssembly
inputs.
Next.js 16 + React 19 + Tailwind Explains the system, collects the private witness, displays the execution
Web portal
CSS 4 receipt, and exposes developer material.
Authenticates, validates, checks replay, invokes verification, persists a
API FastAPI + Pydantic
minimal receipt, and returns a trace.
Creates or restores a PII-free anonymous session and resolves the server-
Authentication Supabase Auth
side user UUID.
Stores user_id, verified_at, and proof_hash only; RLS denies browser
Database Supabase PostgreSQL
access.
Produces a succinct non-interactive proof with a circuit-specific trusted
Proof system Groth16 on BN254 / bn128
setup.
MOST IMPORTANT QUALIFICATION The baseline proves knowledge of a qualifying number. It does not prove
that the number is true or was issued by a government, bank, school, or other trusted authority.
CHAPTER 02 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
The identity-data problem
Why conventional verification creates unnecessary custody, correlation, and breach risk.
Traditional age checks often copy more information than the business decision requires. A merchant
may need only an eligibility bit but receive a full document image, name, date of birth, address,
document number, face image, and metadata. Once copied, those values become assets that must be
encrypted, access-controlled, retained, deleted, audited, disclosed after breaches, and protected from
insiders and secondary use.
Encryption at rest and in transit are necessary controls, but they do not eliminate collection. Authorized
applications and operators must still decrypt data to use it. Backups, exports, support systems, analytics
pipelines, logs, and incident tooling can widen the exposure surface. Data minimization asks a more
fundamental question: can the system make the decision without taking custody of the sensitive fact at
all?
PAGE 7
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Data-custody comparison
Conventional model Qyvox baseline
Server receives a birth year or document. Server receives proof and public signals only.
Receipt table has no DOB, age, name, address, or image
Database may become a demographic honeypot.
field.
Operational staff may access raw identity data. Routine verification path has no raw witness to retrieve.
Breach exposes verification receipts and account identifiers,
Breach can expose reusable identity facts.
which remain sensitive but are materially narrower.
Policy logic is evaluated on disclosed data. Policy logic is compiled into constraints and proved locally.
What data minimization changes
• Collection risk falls because the application request has no raw birth year field.
• Retention scope narrows because the database schema cannot store the omitted field without an
explicit migration.
• Secondary-use opportunities shrink because there is no raw age attribute in the receipt table.
• Incident impact can be reduced, although account UUIDs, timestamps, and proof fingerprints still
require protection.
• Compliance work may become simpler, but lawful basis, notices, access rights, retention rules, and
sector obligations still apply.
PRINCIPLE The safest sensitive datum is often the datum the server never receives.
CHAPTER 03 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
What Qyvox proves
The exact statement, public disclosure, and decision that a valid proof supports.
A valid baseline proof supports this statement: “I know a 16-bit integer birthYear such that currentYear -
birthYear is at least 18, and the public currentYear is the value included in this proof.” The circuit
additionally forces the public output isEligible to equal one. The API accepts only that eligible branch and
independently requires currentYear to match the server’s current UTC year.
PAGE 8
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Figure 2. Private witness and public statement
Meaning of each value
Signal and artifact dictionary
Signal or artifact Visibility Meaning
The integer used locally to satisfy the age constraint. It is not serialized
birthYear Private witness
into the request.
currentYear Public input The policy epoch. The server requires it to equal its UTC year.
Must be exactly 1; the circuit cannot produce an accepted underage
isEligible Public output
branch.
Public cryptographic Elliptic-curve points that a verifier checks against the public signals and
proof
artifact verification key.
Persistent server
verification receipt Authenticated user UUID, verification time, and exact-proof fingerprint.
record
The proof is non-interactive: after it is generated, the verifier does not need to question the prover in
multiple rounds. It is succinct: the proof object is much smaller than the witness or a general execution
trace. It is zero knowledge under the scheme’s assumptions: the proof is designed not to disclose the
private witness beyond what can be inferred from the public statement.
WHAT IS INTENTIONALLY REVEALED The verifier learns that the threshold statement is true for the disclosed
policy year. Zero knowledge does not mean “the verifier learns nothing”; it means the verifier learns no
additional witness information beyond the public statement under the stated assumptions.
PAGE 9
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 04 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
What Qyvox does not prove
The limitations that must remain visible in product, security, and sales conversations.
The current circuit accepts any qualifying integer supplied by the user. It has no issuer signature,
credential commitment, document authenticity check, biometric binding, revocation registry, or
hardware-backed key. Therefore, it proves knowledge of a satisfying witness, not the truth or
provenance of that witness. A user can type a false year and, if it satisfies the relation, generate a
mathematically valid proof.
The arithmetic is year-granular. Someone born late in a year is treated the same as someone born early
in that year. Exact legal-age rules generally require month/day logic, jurisdiction-specific definitions,
leap-year handling, and sometimes time-zone policy. Those are not modeled by this baseline.
Current boundaries
• No trusted issuer: the witness is self-asserted.
• No exact date: eligibility uses calendar-year subtraction.
• No cryptographic challenge binding: exact replay is blocked by storage, but a next-generation
circuit should bind a server nonce, session commitment, and expiry.
• Development-only ceremony: setup.sh performs a one-machine ceremony and is not production
trust evidence.
• No formal secure-memory erasure: JavaScript state and references are cleared promptly, but
managed runtimes do not guarantee physical zeroization.
• No universal compliance guarantee: deployment obligations remain contextual.
• No blockchain requirement or ledger-based consensus: verification runs on ordinary web
infrastructure.
PAGE 10
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Security-claim language guide
Claim Safe wording Unsafe wording
Recovering the witness should be
It is mathematically impossible to recover any
Witness privacy computationally infeasible under Groth16
information.
assumptions.
The baseline proves knowledge of a qualifying
Identity truth Qyvox proves the user’s real government-certified age.
value.
Exact proof reuse is rejected; challenge binding The current circuit is fully replay and front-running
Replay
is planned. resistant.
The architecture automatically guarantees
Compliance Data minimization can reduce exposure.
GDPR/KYC/AML compliance.
Performance Measured on a stated machine and sample size. Always verifies in under 10 ms everywhere.
PAGE 11
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
PART II
Zero knowledge from first principles
A plain-language path from statements and witnesses to arithmetic circuits, R1CS, elliptic
curves, Groth16, and trusted setup.
01 Mental model
02 Arithmetic circuits and R1CS
03 Groth16 lifecycle
04 Trusted setup and assumptions
PAGE 12
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 05 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
A zero-knowledge mental model
The vocabulary a first-time reader needs before looking at code.
Imagine a locked rulebook that says which secret inputs are acceptable. A prover wants to convince a
verifier that one acceptable input exists and that the prover knows it, without opening the secret page.
The prover runs a cryptographic algorithm using the secret witness and public statement. The verifier
checks the resulting proof using public verification material.
Zero-knowledge vocabulary
Term Plain-language meaning Qyvox example
Statement The claim the verifier is willing to accept. Eligibility is true for the current year.
Witness Private values that make the statement true. birthYear.
A fixed set of mathematical relations that defines
Circuit Range checks plus currentYear - birthYear >= 18.
valid witnesses.
Prover Algorithm that uses the witness to create a proof. SnarkJS groth16.fullProve in the browser.
Succinct public evidence checked without seeing
Proof The pi_a, pi_b, pi_c Groth16 object.
the witness.
Verifier Algorithm that checks proof + public inputs. SnarkJS groth16.verify launched by FastAPI.
Verification key Public material tied to a particular circuit setup. backend/zk/verification_key.json.
Three security properties
• Completeness: an honest prover with a valid witness should be able to produce a proof the
verifier accepts.
• Soundness or knowledge soundness: a prover should not be able to convince the verifier without a
witness that satisfies the circuit, except with negligible probability under the scheme’s
assumptions.
• Zero knowledge: the proof should reveal no useful information about the private witness beyond
the public statement, under the scheme’s assumptions and correct implementation.
IMPORTANT DISTINCTION A circuit can be cryptographically sound and still encode the wrong business rule.
Circuit review must check both mathematics and policy semantics.
PAGE 13
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 06 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Arithmetic circuits and R1CS
How a business rule becomes field equations that a proving system can enforce.
Circom programs do not execute like ordinary JavaScript. They describe constraints over a finite field.
The compiler turns signals and component relations into a Rank-1 Constraint System (R1CS). Each
constraint has the conceptual form ⟨A,w⟩ × ⟨B,w⟩ = ⟨C,w⟩, where w is the full assignment of constants,
public signals, private signals, and intermediate values.
A witness calculator evaluates the circuit for a particular input and produces candidate signal values. A
valid witness must satisfy every R1CS equation. The proving algorithm then creates an argument that
those equations are satisfied without disclosing the private components of w.
Why comparisons need special gadgets
Finite fields do not have an intrinsic “greater than” operator. Comparisons are implemented by
constraining bit decompositions and arithmetic relations. Qyvox uses circomlib’s Num2Bits and
GreaterEqThan components with a 16-bit width. The explicit bit range is security-relevant: without it,
finite-field subtraction can wrap and a future birth year might be represented as a large field element
that appears to exceed eighteen.
Circuit-safety controls
Circuit concern Control in Qyvox
Year range Num2Bits(16) constrains both birthYear and currentYear.
The private difference is also decomposed to 16 bits, so negative field representations
Future-year wraparound
cannot masquerade as a small valid age.
Threshold GreaterEqThan(16) compares the constrained difference against 18.
Eligible output isEligible is connected to the comparator output and constrained to equal 1.
Public binding currentYear is declared public; output isEligible is public by Circom convention.
R1CS LESSON “Calculated” is not the same as “constrained.” Every security-relevant relationship must be
enforced by constraints, not merely assigned in witness-generation code.
PAGE 14
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 07 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Groth16 lifecycle
What the proving key, verification key, proof points, and pairing check do at a conceptual level.
Groth16 is a succinct non-interactive argument system for arithmetic circuits. During setup, circuit
constraints are transformed into structured public parameters. The proving key is used with a full
witness to create proof elements. The verification key is used with public signals to evaluate pairing-
based equations on the BN254 curve. A successful pairing equation convinces the verifier that a
satisfying witness exists, subject to the setup and cryptographic assumptions.
1. Compile. Circom produces R1CS, a WebAssembly witness generator, and a symbol map.
2. Prepare. A Powers of Tau transcript provides universal structured randomness sized above the
circuit’s constraint count.
3. Specialize. Groth16 setup binds parameters to the exact age_check R1CS.
4. Contribute. Additional circuit-specific entropy is mixed into the zkey.
5. Export. The verification key is derived from the final zkey.
6. Prove. The browser combines the private witness, public input, WASM calculator, and proving key.
7. Verify. The server checks proof, public signals, and verification key.
The proof object serialized by SnarkJS contains three groups of elliptic-curve coordinates: pi_a, pi_b, and
pi_c, plus protocol and curve labels. The API validates the JSON shape and decimal-scalar syntax before
invoking the cryptographic verifier. Shape validation is not proof validation; it merely prevents
malformed or unbounded inputs from reaching deeper layers.
CURVE NAMING The repository and SnarkJS use bn128; the handbook also refers to BN254. These names
commonly refer to the same pairing-friendly curve family in this tooling context.
CHAPTER 08 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Trusted setup and security assumptions
Why the ceremony matters and how to describe it without either panic or hand-waving.
Groth16 requires a circuit-specific structured reference string. Setup participants temporarily know
secret randomness sometimes described as toxic waste. If every participant colludes and retains enough
secret material, soundness can be compromised. A multi-party computation ceremony mitigates this:
security holds if at least one contributor generates its randomness honestly and destroys it.
PAGE 15
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Figure 3. Circuit source and artifact pipeline
What setup.sh actually does
• Enables strict shell error handling and a restrictive umask.
• Checks that Circom, OpenSSL, and the pinned SnarkJS executable are available.
• Compiles age_check.circom to R1CS, WASM, and symbol outputs.
• Creates a bn128 Powers of Tau transcript at power 12, sufficient for up to 2^12 constraints.
• Adds local random entropy, prepares phase two, performs circuit-specific Groth16 setup, and
contributes again.
• Verifies the final zkey, exports the verification key, and copies runtime artifacts to
frontend/public/zk and backend/zk.
Production ceremony requirements
• Use an independently reviewed public Powers of Tau transcript.
• Publish the exact R1CS hash and source revision before contributions begin.
• Accept independent contributors using separated machines and documented procedures.
• Publish contribution hashes, verification logs, software versions, and final artifact checksums.
• Apply a public random beacon when appropriate and record the derivation.
• Have external cryptography reviewers verify that deployed artifacts match the published
ceremony outputs.
CURRENT STATUS The one-machine setup script is valuable for development reproducibility. It must never be
represented as proof that production toxic waste was independently destroyed.
PAGE 16
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
PART III
The Qyvox circuit
A line-by-line explanation of signals, range constraints, comparison logic, public ordering,
artifacts, and negative tests.
01 Circuit specification
02 Line-by-line walkthrough
03 Boundary conditions and tests
04 Artifacts and version binding
PAGE 17
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 09 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Circuit specification
The formal inputs, outputs, invariant, and public signal ordering of age_check.circom.
Simplified complete circuit listing
pragma circom 2.0.0;
include "circomlib/circuits/comparators.circom";
include "circomlib/circuits/bitify.circom";
template AgeCheck(nBits) {
signal input birthYear;
signal input currentYear;
signal output isEligible;
signal ageInYears;
component birthYearBits = Num2Bits(nBits);
component currentYearBits = Num2Bits(nBits);
component ageBits = Num2Bits(nBits);
component ageThreshold = GreaterEqThan(nBits);
birthYearBits.in <== birthYear;
currentYearBits.in <== currentYear;
ageInYears <== currentYear - birthYear;
ageBits.in <== ageInYears;
ageThreshold.in[0] <== ageInYears;
ageThreshold.in[1] <== 18;
isEligible <== ageThreshold.out;
isEligible === 1;
}
component main { public [currentYear] } = AgeCheck(16);
Age-check circuit contract
Property Value
Private input birthYear
Explicit public input currentYear
Public output isEligible
Threshold 18 calendar years
Bit width 16
Field / curve environment BN254 / bn128 through SnarkJS Groth16
Observed compiled size 74 constraints and 72 wires
Public signal order [isEligible, currentYear]
PUBLIC-OUTPUT ORDERING Circom exposes output signals before explicitly public input signals. The API
therefore interprets publicSignals[0] as isEligible and publicSignals[1] as currentYear.
PAGE 18
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 10 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Line-by-line circuit walkthrough
Why each component exists and what can go wrong if it is removed.
Pragma and imports
The pragma requires the Circom 2 language family. comparators.circom provides GreaterEqThan;
bitify.circom provides Num2Bits. Imports are resolved from the pinned circomlib 2.0.5 dependency.
Pinning avoids silently changing constraint implementations when dependencies update.
Signals and data flow
birthYear and currentYear are inputs to the template. Privacy is determined at the main component
declaration, not by the word “private” attached to a signal. currentYear is explicitly listed as public;
birthYear is omitted and therefore remains private. isEligible is a signal output and becomes public.
ageInYears is an internal witness signal.
Range constraints
Num2Bits(16) constrains a value to a 16-bit non-negative integer representation. Qyvox applies this to
both years and to their difference. This is not cosmetic input validation. It turns the application’s integer
assumptions into circuit-enforced facts and closes a finite-field wraparound avenue.
Comparison and forced outcome
GreaterEqThan(16) receives ageInYears and the constant 18. Its output is one when the first is at least
the second. The assignment isEligible <== ageThreshold.out constrains the output to the comparator
result. The final equality isEligible === 1 ensures that only an eligible witness can satisfy the circuit.
Without the final equality, the circuit could prove either branch and ask the server to interpret the
output; Qyvox intentionally makes ineligibility unsatisfiable.
REVIEW QUESTION Can every security-relevant signal float freely? For each value, trace both its witness
assignment and the constraints that force it to be correct.
CHAPTER 11 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Boundary conditions and negative tests
How the repository demonstrates behavior at the threshold and under adversarial inputs.
PAGE 19
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Circuit smoke-test matrix
Case Input Expected result Reason
Clearly eligible 2000 / 2026 Proof valid; signals [1, 2026] Age difference is 26.
Exact boundary 2008 / 2026 Proof valid Difference is exactly 18.
Witness/proof generation
Underage 2010 / 2026 Difference is 16; isEligible cannot equal 1.
rejects
Negative difference cannot fit the constrained
Future year 2027 / 2026 Rejects
16-bit range.
Out-of-range
65517 / 65536 Rejects 65536 does not fit in 16 bits.
public year
Tampered public Valid proof, year Proof is cryptographically bound to the original
Verification false
signal changed to 2027 public signal.
The smoke test also invokes the exact backend/verify.mjs helper used by FastAPI, providing an
integration bridge between circuit artifacts and the server verifier. The test terminates Node explicitly
because SnarkJS worker handles can otherwise keep the event loop alive after assertions complete.
Additional tests recommended before production
• Property-based generation across all relevant year boundaries.
• Differential tests against an independent reference implementation of the policy.
• Mutation tests that remove or weaken one constraint at a time and require tests to fail.
• Independent R1CS inspection and unconstrained-signal analysis.
• Fuzzing of public signal order, scalar encodings, and verifier input parsing.
• Cross-browser proof generation on low-memory mobile devices.
CHAPTER 12 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Artifacts and version binding
How source, R1CS, WASM, proving key, and verification key must remain one coherent release.
A proof generated from one circuit setup cannot be treated as interchangeable with another. The R1CS
defines the relation. The WASM constructs a witness for that relation. The proving key is circuit-specific.
The verification key is derived from the same final setup. Deploying a mismatched combination results in
failure—or, worse, in confusing provenance if releases are not labeled.
PAGE 20
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Cryptographic artifact inventory
Artifact Consumer Repository location Release control
Circuit compiler and
age_check.circom circuits/age_check.circom Source commit and code review.
reviewers
age_check.r1cs Setup and auditors circuits/build Publish hash and circuit statistics.
Immutable asset hash and cache
age_check.wasm Browser prover frontend/public/zk
policy.
Ceremony transcript binding and
age_check_final.zkey Browser prover frontend/public/zk
checksum.
verification_key.json Backend verifier backend/zk Pinned image/release hash.
Developers and Debug-only mapping; publish with
age_check.sym circuits/build
auditors audit bundle.
Recommended release manifest
Illustrative release-manifest shape
{
"circuit": "age_check",
"version": "1.0.0",
"source_commit": "<git commit>",
"r1cs_sha256": "<64 hex characters>",
"wasm_sha256": "<64 hex characters>",
"zkey_sha256": "<64 hex characters>",
"verification_key_sha256": "<64 hex characters>",
"public_signals": ["isEligible", "currentYear"],
"ceremony_transcript": "<public URL and digest>"
}
DEPLOYMENT INVARIANT The frontend artifacts and backend verification key must be released atomically from
the same verified manifest.
PAGE 21
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
PART IV
Browser proving and user experience
How the Next.js application constructs the proof locally, clears private state,
authenticates without identity fields, and exposes real execution evidence.
01 Frontend architecture
02 Private input lifecycle
03 Proof generation
04 Execution receipt and developer playground
PAGE 22
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 13 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Frontend architecture
The routes, components, libraries, assets, and rendering choices that make up the Qyvox portal.
Frontend source map
Path Role
frontend/app/page.tsx Executive landing page and live proof demo placement.
frontend/app/whitepaper/page.tsx Technical narrative, primitives, trust model, and security bounds.
frontend/app/docs/page.tsx Quickstart, architecture, circuit, SDK patterns, API, schema, and playground.
frontend/app/research/page.tsx Benchmark results, methodology boundaries, and validation roadmap.
frontend/app/faq/page.tsx Enterprise due-diligence questions and bounded answers.
frontend/components/ProofDemo.tsx Private input form, proof lifecycle, execution receipt, and exact payload inspector.
frontend/lib/zkProver.ts Dynamic SnarkJS import and browser-only fullProve wrapper.
frontend/lib/verifyProof.ts Anonymous session resolution and proof-only API request.
frontend/lib/supabaseClient.ts Lazy browser client and anonymous authentication.
frontend/public/zk/* Public WASM and proving key consumed by the browser.
The App Router statically prerenders the marketing and technical pages. The proof component is
explicitly a client component because it depends on browser state, performance timing, WebAssembly,
and dynamic SnarkJS loading. Dynamic import prevents proof code from being executed during server-
side rendering.
Design system
The portal uses a dark ink, ivory, and restrained rose palette; Space Grotesk for display and interface
text; and IBM Plex Mono for technical labels. The interface uses responsive grid layouts, smooth but
bounded motion, reduced-motion handling, minimum interactive target sizes, semantic landmarks, live
regions for proof status, and overflow protections for narrow screens.
PRODUCT PRINCIPLE The interface should make the privacy boundary observable: show what stayed local, what
crossed the network, what the verifier did, and what was stored.
PAGE 23
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 14 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Private input lifecycle
Every place the birth year exists, and the controls that limit its lifetime.
1. Form state. The value begins as a string in React state bound to the numeric input.
2. Validation copy. Submit converts the string to a local number and checks integer/range/eligibility
conditions.
3. Proof input. generateAgeProof receives birthYear and currentYear and converts them to decimal
strings for SnarkJS.
4. Witness calculation. The WASM calculator uses the birth year inside browser memory.
5. Proof completion. After fullProve returns, the component clears React state and sets the mutable
local variable to zero before authentication or fetch.
6. Final cleanup. The finally branch zeroes the local variable and clears state again on both success
and error paths.
The outgoing JSON is constructed from the ProofBundle only. verifyProof serializes exactly two top-level
keys: proof and publicSignals. TypeScript interfaces document the fixed proof shape. The backend
separately rejects unknown top-level fields, so a body containing birthYear fails validation even if a caller
bypasses the official frontend.
What “cleared” means in JavaScript
Clearing state and overwriting a reference shortens the value’s reachable lifetime. It does not provide
certified physical memory erasure. Garbage collectors, copies made by browser internals, swap, crash
reports, malicious extensions, compromised scripts, screen recording, and operating-system memory
inspection remain outside the guarantee. A production privacy statement should say that the
application promptly removes references and never serializes the value, not that every physical byte is
provably zeroized.
BROWSER THREAT BOUNDARY Zero knowledge protects the witness from the verifier. It does not protect a user
whose browser, device, supply chain, or loaded JavaScript is already compromised.
PAGE 24
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 15 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Proof generation in the browser
How zkProver.ts loads artifacts, runs fullProve, and validates the public statement before transport.
Browser prover control flow (abridged)
const snarkjs = await import("snarkjs");
const result = await snarkjs.groth16.fullProve(
{
birthYear: birthYear.toString(10),
currentYear: currentYear.toString(10),
},
"/zk/age_check.wasm",
"/zk/age_check_final.zkey",
);
if (
result.publicSignals.length !== 2 ||
result.publicSignals[0] !== "1" ||
result.publicSignals[1] !== currentYear.toString(10)
) throw new Error("Unexpected public statement");
The function refuses to run during server rendering and requires safe integers. Decimal strings prevent
accidental floating-point notation. After proving, it normalizes public signals to strings and applies a
client-side defense-in-depth check. The server repeats the policy check; client validation is never treated
as authoritative.
Public artifact delivery
• WASM and zkey are public cryptographic artifacts, not secrets.
• They should be served with immutable versioned URLs or content hashes in production.
• Subresource integrity, a strict Content Security Policy, dependency pinning, and build provenance
reduce supply-chain risk.
• Larger future circuits should move proving to a Web Worker to keep the interface responsive.
• Cold-download, cache-hit, memory, and thermal behavior must be measured separately on
mobile devices.
DO NOT CONFUSE PUBLIC WITH UNIMPORTANT The proving key is intentionally public, but an attacker who
replaces it or the WASM can alter availability or trick the user interface. Artifact integrity still matters.
CHAPTER 16 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Execution receipt and developer playground
How Qyvox demonstrates that a real proof path ran instead of showing a fabricated animation.
PAGE 25
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Figure 4. Live verification request lifecycle
ProofDemo records browser events with performance.now(), changes stage labels as authentication and
transport proceed, and appends server-measured trace steps returned by FastAPI. The server trace
names policy, replay, verifier, and database operations and includes non-negative durations. The UI
displays the exact request JSON after proof generation, excluding authorization headers and explicitly
noting the absence of the witness.
Execution-receipt evidence
Evidence element Source What it demonstrates
performance.now() around
Browser prover duration Real work occurred in this tab.
fullProve
Auth and round-trip duration verifyProof client timing Actual session resolution and network request.
Policy/replay/verifier/
FastAPI perf_counter Server returned trace from this successful request.
database durations
Exact payload inspector Serialized ProofBundle Only proof and publicSignals are in the body.
Intended persistent fields are user_id, verified_at,
Stored-fields boundary Server trace constant
proof_hash.
The receipt is observability, not a second proof system. A malicious server could lie about its internal
timings or stored fields. Independent assurance requires source review, deployment attestation,
database policy review, audit logs, and where appropriate remote attestation or third-party audits. The
receipt’s value is transparency for a live demo and integration debugging.
PAGE 26
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
PART V
API, authentication, and persistence
The server’s strict request boundary, bearer-token resolution, replay logic, isolated
verifier, minimal schema, CORS, and fail-closed behavior.
01 API contract
02 Authentication and authorization
03 Verification pipeline
04 Replay protection
05 Database and RLS
06 Status, CORS, and failure semantics
PAGE 27
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 17 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
API contract
The exact request/response schema and why strict validation matters.
Accepted request shape (coordinates abbreviated)
POST /api/v1/verify
Authorization: Bearer <Supabase access token>
Content-Type: application/json
{
"proof": {
"pi_a": ["...", "...", "1"],
"pi_b": [["...", "..."], ["...", "..."], ["1", "0"]],
"pi_c": ["...", "...", "1"],
"protocol": "groth16",
"curve": "bn128"
},
"publicSignals": ["1", "2026"]
}
Pydantic forbids extra fields at both the request and proof levels. Scalar strings must contain one to
eighty decimal digits. pi_a and pi_c have exactly three elements; pi_b has exactly three rows with
exactly two coordinates. publicSignals has exactly two values. The content-length middleware rejects
oversized verify requests before JSON parsing when the header is present, and infrastructure should
enforce the same limit for chunked bodies.
Verifier API error semantics
Status Meaning Example
200 Proof accepted and receipt committed verified=true with verified_at and trace.
400 Malformed transport metadata Invalid Content-Length.
401 Missing, invalid, or expired bearer session No accepted Supabase user.
Policy statement or cryptographic proof
403 Stale year, isEligible ≠ 1, or invalid proof.
rejected
409 Account or exact proof already consumed Replay fingerprint or primary-key conflict.
413 Payload exceeds configured bound Content length over MAX_REQUEST_BYTES.
422 JSON shape or scalar validation failed birthYear field, wrong proof dimensions, or unknown field.
Replay or persistence database dependency
502 System fails closed instead of accepting without a receipt.
failed
503 Verifier unavailable or timed out Missing artifact, Node failure, timeout, malformed verdict.
PAGE 28
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 18 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Authentication and authorization
How Qyvox obtains an account-scoped receipt without collecting identity attributes in the demo.
The browser lazily creates a Supabase client from NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL and a publishable key.
It first restores an existing session. If none exists, it calls signInAnonymously. The resulting access token
is attached as a bearer header. The birth year is already cleared before this step.
FastAPI never accepts a client-provided user_id. It sends the bearer token to Supabase Auth, requires a
user object, and converts the returned identifier to UUID. This prevents a caller from choosing a
different receipt owner by editing JSON. The service-role key stays on the backend and must never be
prefixed NEXT_PUBLIC or shipped to the browser.
Credential boundary
Credential Location Exposure rule
Designed for browser use; still rely on RLS and Auth,
Supabase publishable key Frontend environment
not key secrecy.
Browser session + Authorization Short-lived bearer credential; protect from XSS and
Anonymous access token
header logs.
Secret and privileged; never commit, print, embed, or
Supabase service-role key Backend environment only
expose to the client.
Generated locally and never written to source or
Ceremony entropy Ephemeral setup process
runtime configuration.
CREDENTIAL HYGIENE Any service-role or secret key pasted into a chat, issue, screenshot, log, or repository
should be treated as exposed and rotated. This handbook contains placeholders only.
CHAPTER 19 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Verification pipeline
The ordered server controls applied to each authenticated proof.
1. Request bound. Reject declared bodies over the configured maximum before parsing.
2. Schema validation. Require exact proof dimensions, decimal scalar syntax, protocol, curve, and
two public signals.
PAGE 29
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
3. Authentication. Resolve the bearer token through Supabase Auth and derive the user UUID.
4. Policy binding. Require isEligible = 1 and public year = server current UTC year.
5. Fingerprint. Serialize the validated payload canonically and compute SHA-256.
6. Replay query. Look up the fingerprint; fail closed if the database query cannot complete.
7. Concurrency gate. Acquire a bounded semaphore slot before launching the verifier.
8. Cryptographic verification. Invoke verify.mjs with a pinned verification key, memory bound,
timeout, fixed working directory, and JSON over stdin.
9. Persistence. Insert user UUID, UTC timestamp, and proof hash. Never return success if the record
cannot be saved.
10. Response. Return verified=true, timestamp, and a privacy-safe timing trace.
The order is intentional. Cheap checks run before expensive verification. Replay detection runs before
the verifier to avoid repeated CPU use. Persistence runs after proof validation, and its failure prevents a
success receipt. Configuration failures are 503 server errors, not 403 invalid-proof responses, which
preserves meaningful operational diagnosis.
FAIL CLOSED If replay storage or receipt persistence is unavailable, the API rejects the request. It does not
silently skip the control and claim success.
CHAPTER 20 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Replay protection
What the current fingerprint control blocks, what it does not block, and the challenge-bound design
needed next.
The API serializes the validated proof and public signals with sorted keys and compact separators,
hashes the bytes with SHA-256, and checks proof_hash in verified_users. The column is unique. A
repeated canonical payload is rejected before verification, and a racing duplicate insert is caught by the
unique constraint.
PAGE 30
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Replay and freshness behavior
Scenario Current result Explanation
Identical request resent Blocked Same canonical hash already exists.
Same proof with JSON whitespace
Blocked Server hashes its own canonical model dump, not raw bytes.
changed
Same valid proof submitted by
Blocked after first use Fingerprint uniqueness is global.
another account
New proof generated from same Groth16 proving is randomized; a fresh proof has a new
Not necessarily blocked
witness fingerprint.
Proof copied before first Current proof is not bound to a server challenge or intended
Not cryptographically solved
submission and front-run account inside the circuit.
Stale public year Blocked Policy check requires current server UTC year.
Next-generation challenge binding
A production circuit should include public challenge data such as a random server nonce, verifier or
relying-party identifier, session commitment, policy identifier, and expiry. The server issues a one-time
challenge, the browser proves against it, and the server atomically consumes it. This binds the proof to a
session and purpose rather than merely detecting an identical serialized proof after the fact.
CURRENT ERROR MESSAGE “Replay protection is temporarily unavailable” means the database lookup failed. It
is a 502 dependency failure, not evidence that a proof was invalid.
CHAPTER 21 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Database schema and row-level security
Why the persistence model is deliberately small and how Supabase access is constrained.
Privacy-minimal receipt schema
create table public.verified_users (
user_id uuid primary key references auth.users(id) on delete cascade,
verified_at timestamptz not null default timezone('utc', now()),
proof_hash text not null unique
check (proof_hash ~ '^[0-9a-f]{64}$')
);
alter table public.verified_users enable row level security;
revoke all on table public.verified_users from anon, authenticated;
PAGE 31
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Persistent data dictionary
Column Purpose Privacy note
Account-scoped verification identity and Pseudonymous identifier, still personal/security-
user_id
primary key. relevant in context.
Can reveal activity timing and must be access-
verified_at UTC time of accepted verification.
controlled.
One-way fingerprint of public proof payload; not a
proof_hash Exact-proof replay fingerprint.
DOB hash.
There is no browser policy granting select, insert, update, or delete. The backend uses the service role to
bypass RLS for controlled operations. Anonymous and authenticated roles are explicitly revoked. The
live integration test checks that direct browser-role reads and writes are denied and that the persisted
row contains exactly the three expected columns.
PRIVACY NUANCE A minimal receipt is not “zero data.” UUIDs, timestamps, and proof fingerprints still need
retention rules, access control, monitoring, and breach analysis.
CHAPTER 22 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Status, CORS, and failure semantics
Operational controls that keep browser-to-API communication narrow and diagnosable.
CORSMiddleware permits only configured exact origins, with GET, POST, and OPTIONS and only
Authorization and Content-Type request headers. Wildcards are rejected by the settings parser. This
protects browser integrations from accidental broad origin exposure, although CORS is not an
authentication control and does not stop non-browser clients.
GET /health reports only that the FastAPI process responds. GET /status performs a bounded
dependency check and returns operational or unavailable labels for the verifier artifacts and database. It
avoids exposing raw stack traces, credentials, file paths, or database diagnostics to public callers.
PAGE 32
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Failure classification
Failure External response Security rationale
Malformed or oversized request 400/413/422 Reject before expensive cryptography.
Invalid/stale proof 403 No receipt is written.
Missing/expired auth 401 No client-chosen identity accepted.
Replay 409 Exact proof or already-verified account is not accepted again.
Replay database outage 502 Cannot establish non-reuse, so fail closed.
Verifier runtime outage 503 Do not mislabel infrastructure failure as a bad proof.
Receipt write outage 502 Do not return a success that was not durably recorded.
PAGE 33
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
PART VI
Security model and production
hardening
Assets, actors, trust assumptions, attack paths, current controls, residual risk, and the
upgrades required for issuer-backed identity assurance.
01 Threat model
02 Attack analysis
03 Secrets and supply chain
04 Privacy and compliance posture
05 Production architecture roadmap
PAGE 34
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 23 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Threat model
What Qyvox protects, who may attack it, and which systems remain trusted.
Protected assets
Asset Why it matters
Private birth-year witness Exposure defeats the data-minimization objective.
Proof acceptance integrity False acceptance undermines relying-party policy.
Circuit and artifact provenance A modified relation can prove the wrong statement.
Service-role key Compromise grants privileged database access.
Anonymous access tokens Theft can impersonate sessions and create receipts.
Verification receipts They encode account activity and eligibility events.
Availability and bounded compute Proof verification can be used for resource exhaustion.
Representative adversaries
• A dishonest user supplying a false but qualifying witness.
• A network attacker replaying, modifying, or front-running proof traffic.
• A malicious website script, dependency, extension, or compromised browser environment.
• An unauthenticated API client sending malformed, off-curve, oversized, or high-volume payloads.
• A database attacker seeking receipts or attempting to bypass replay controls.
• A compromised operator or deployment pipeline replacing circuit artifacts or configuration.
• Colluding ceremony participants retaining toxic-waste material.
Trusted computing base
The baseline trusts the user’s browser and loaded application bundle to handle the witness honestly,
Circom/circomlib/SnarkJS and their build chain, the ceremony outcome, FastAPI and Node runtimes, the
verification key, Supabase Auth and database, environment-secret handling, TLS termination, and the
deployment operator. Zero knowledge narrows data disclosure to the verifier; it does not eliminate the
rest of the system’s trust assumptions.
PAGE 35
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 24 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Attack analysis and current controls
A structured review of likely failure modes and residual risk.
Threat-control matrix
Vector Current control Residual risk / next step
Add issuer-signed credential commitment and
False self-asserted age Circuit enforces arithmetic only.
revocation.
Finite-field
16-bit Num2Bits on years and difference. Independent circuit audit and mutation testing.
wraparound
Underconstrained Formal constraint review and unconstrained-signal
Explicit comparator wiring and forced output.
signal tooling.
Tampered public year Proof binding + server UTC year check. Move to exact date and signed policy version.
Canonical SHA-256 fingerprint + unique DB
Exact replay Add one-time challenge consumed atomically.
index.
Authenticated submitter and exact replay Bind account/session/verifier/challenge in public
Front-running
detection. signals.
Malformed/off-curve Strict Pydantic shape; SnarkJS false verdict
Fuzz parsers and use native hardened verifier.
proof handling.
32 KB request default, 20 s timeout, Rate limiting, queueing, WAF, persistent verifier pool,
Resource exhaustion
semaphore, Node memory bound. load tests.
Strict CSP, dependency integrity, Trusted Types,
XSS/witness theft No intentional network serialization.
security review.
Secret manager, rotation, scoped networks, audit
Service-role leakage Backend-only environment secret.
alerts.
Signed manifest, immutable URLs, checksums,
Artifact substitution Pinned files in release tree.
reproducible builds.
Ceremony
Development contributions only. Independent public MPC with published transcript.
compromise
SECURITY POSTURE The most consequential current risk is not breaking Groth16; it is that the witness is self-
asserted. Production value depends on adding trusted provenance.
PAGE 36
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 25 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Secrets, dependencies, and supply-chain security
Operational controls for the parts of the system that cryptography does not protect automatically.
• Keep service-role and other privileged secrets in a managed secret store; never in NEXT_PUBLIC
variables, source control, build logs, client bundles, or documentation.
• Rotate any key that appears in chat, screenshots, tickets, logs, shell history, or a public artifact.
• Pin dependencies and lockfiles; review advisories for Next.js, FastAPI/Starlette, Supabase clients,
SnarkJS, circomlib, and transitive packages.
• Generate software bills of materials for frontend, backend, container, and circuit toolchains.
• Sign release artifacts and container images; verify provenance in deployment.
• Use a restrictive Content Security Policy and avoid unreviewed third-party scripts on the proof
page.
• Separate ceremony machines and production build machines; preserve reproducible hashes.
• Log only privacy-safe event identifiers and outcomes. Never log request bodies, authorization
headers, proof coordinates at high volume, or private input.
Container controls
The backend Dockerfile uses a multi-stage build, separates Node dependency installation from the
Python runtime image, and runs the final service as a non-root qyvox user with UID 10001. Production
should additionally use a read-only filesystem, drop Linux capabilities, constrain CPU/memory/PIDs, pin
base-image digests, scan images, and define health checks and graceful termination.
CHAPTER 26 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Privacy, governance, and compliance posture
How to talk about regulatory value accurately and what work remains outside the code.
Qyvox can reduce the amount of personal information a relying party receives and stores. That may
reduce breach impact, retention burden, data-subject response scope, and opportunities for secondary
use. It does not automatically determine whether a deployment is lawful, exempt from identity rules, or
compliant with GDPR, KYC, AML, COPPA, age-assurance, financial, gaming, or jurisdiction-specific
requirements.
PAGE 37
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Compliance boundary
Governance question Qyvox technical contribution Still required
Document the purpose and confirm public signals
Data minimization Raw birth year omitted from API and schema.
are proportionate.
Legal analysis, notices, consent or other basis as
Lawful basis Not determined by cryptography.
applicable.
Retention Minimal three-column receipt. Define retention duration and deletion workflows.
Account/receipt access, correction, deletion, and
Access rights No DOB record to return from Qyvox.
audit procedures.
Contracts, subprocessors, regions, SLAs, and
Vendor management Portable self-hostable architecture direction.
incident terms.
External audit, ceremony review, penetration test,
Assurance Public circuit and verification artifacts.
and operational evidence.
NOT LEGAL ADVICE Use this architecture as evidence for counsel and compliance teams, not as a substitute for
their deployment-specific analysis.
CHAPTER 27 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Production architecture roadmap
The sequence that transforms the research baseline into issuer-backed, challenge-bound identity
assurance.
1. Issuer provenance. Define a credential format whose age attribute is signed or committed by an
authorized issuer. Prove signature possession or membership without revealing DOB.
2. Exact-date policy. Model year, month, day, leap years, jurisdiction, policy version, and trusted
current time.
3. Challenge binding. Add nonce, session/account commitment, verifier identifier, policy identifier,
and expiry as public inputs.
4. Revocation. Prove non-revocation or check privacy-preserving status data with bounded freshness.
5. Ceremony. Run and publish an independent multi-party setup tied to the audited R1CS.
6. Verifier service. Replace per-request Node startup with a persistent bounded pool or audited
native verifier while preserving isolation and limits.
7. Wallet and recovery. Protect credential keys, device migration, consent, loss recovery, and multi-
device use.
PAGE 38
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
8. Audit and governance. Commission cryptographic, application, infrastructure, privacy, and legal
reviews; publish resolved findings.
9. Operations. Add rate limits, idempotency, observability, incident response, key rotation,
backup/restore tests, and SLOs.
Suggested maturity gates
Phase Exit evidence
Research baseline Current circuit, real browser proof, strict verifier, minimal receipt, repeatable tests.
Private alpha Issuer prototype, challenge binding, worker prover, persistent verifier, internal threat review.
Independent audit, mobile benchmark matrix, ceremony transcript, privacy assessment,
External pilot
monitored operations.
Issuer contracts, revocation, hardened key management, SLOs, incident drills, signed releases,
Production
recurring audits.
PAGE 39
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
PART VII
Build, run, test, and operate
A practical operator guide for local setup, environment variables, testing, deployment,
observability, incident response, and troubleshooting.
01 Repository map
02 Local setup
03 Configuration reference
04 Testing and validation
05 Deployment and operations
06 Troubleshooting
PAGE 40
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 28 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Repository map
Where every major component lives and how artifacts flow between directories.
Current monorepo topology
Qyvox/
├── circuits/
│ ├── age_check.circom
│ ├── setup.sh
│ ├── smoke_test.mjs
│ └── benchmark.mjs
├── frontend/
│ ├── app/{page,whitepaper,docs,research,faq}.tsx
│ ├── components/
│ ├── lib/{zkProver,verifyProof,supabaseClient}.ts
│ └── public/zk/{age_check.wasm,age_check_final.zkey}
├── backend/
│ ├── main.py
│ ├── verify.mjs
│ ├── test_main.py
│ ├── live_integration_test.mjs
│ ├── Dockerfile
│ └── zk/verification_key.json
├── supabase/schema.sql
└── README.md
The circuit build produces public prover assets for the frontend and a verification key for the backend.
The frontend does not need the verification key for normal proving, and the backend does not need the
private witness or proving key. This separation maps cryptographic roles to deployment roles.
CHAPTER 29 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Local setup and first proof
A clean-room sequence from dependencies to a working browser-to-database verification.
1. Install circuit dependencies. Run npm ci in circuits and ensure Circom 2.x and OpenSSL are
available.
2. Build artifacts. Run npm run setup in circuits. Confirm WASM/zkey are copied to
frontend/public/zk and verification_key.json to backend/zk.
3. Prepare Supabase. Enable Anonymous Sign-Ins, execute supabase/schema.sql, and verify browser
roles cannot access verified_users.
4. Configure frontend. Set NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL,
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY, NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL, and optionally
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL.
PAGE 41
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
5. Configure backend. Set SUPABASE_URL, SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY, and exact
FRONTEND_ORIGINS; tune verifier limits only with testing.
6. Start API. Install backend requirements and run Uvicorn for backend.main:app.
7. Start portal. Run the Next.js development server in frontend.
8. Exercise demo. Enter a qualifying year, inspect the real execution receipt, and confirm the request
body lacks the witness.
9. Check storage. Verify that only user_id, verified_at, and proof_hash were written.
SECURITY SETUP Use placeholders in documentation and .env.example files. Never copy a service-role secret
into frontend/.env.local.
CHAPTER 30 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Configuration reference
Every important environment control and the boundary it governs.
Environment-variable reference
Variable Side Purpose / safe guidance
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL Frontend Project URL; safe to expose as connection metadata.
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_PUBLISHABL
Frontend Browser key; security depends on Auth and RLS.
E_KEY
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL Frontend Verifier base URL; use HTTPS in non-local environments.
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL Frontend Canonical metadata URL.
SUPABASE_URL Backend Same project endpoint used by server client.
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY Backend secret Privileged key; store and rotate as a secret.
FRONTEND_ORIGINS Backend Comma-separated exact origins; wildcard rejected.
NODE_BINARY Backend Node runtime path for isolated verifier.
VERIFIER_SCRIPT Backend Path to verify.mjs.
VERIFICATION_KEY_PATH Backend Pinned verification_key.json path.
VERIFICATION_TIMEOUT_SECONDS Backend 1-60 second bound; default 20.
VERIFIER_CONCURRENCY Backend Bounded parallel verifiers; default 2, maximum 16.
MAX_REQUEST_BYTES Backend Body limit; default 32,768 bytes.
EXPECTED_CURRENT_YEAR Backend/test Optional deterministic override; normally UTC year.
PAGE 42
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 31 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Testing and validation
How to reproduce circuit, API, frontend, integration, and benchmark evidence.
Validation matrix
Layer Command or suite Coverage
Eligible, exact boundary, underage, future year, out-of-range
Circuit npm test in circuits
year, tampered public signal, backend helper.
5 proving samples, 50 warm verifies, 10 subprocess verifies,
Benchmark node benchmark.mjs in circuits
payload and artifact sizes.
Backend unit python -m unittest -v test_main.py 11 focused cases using mocks; no live Supabase required.
Anonymous auth, real proof, RLS denial, storage columns, replay,
Live integration node live_integration_test.mjs
stale/private/missing-auth/oversize/CORS cases, cleanup.
Frontend lint npm run lint ESLint and Next.js rules.
Frontend production
npm run build Compilation, TypeScript, page-data collection, static generation.
build
Proof flow, payload inspector, execution trace, navigation,
Manual browser QA Desktop and narrow viewport
overflow, reduced motion.
Validation snapshot - 27 August 2026
• Circuit smoke test: passed.
• Frontend lint: passed.
• Frontend production build: passed; all public routes generated successfully.
• Fresh Node reference benchmark: prover median 104.20 ms and p95 601.69 ms across 5 samples;
warm verifier median 25.68 ms and p95 45.16 ms across 50 samples; subprocess verifier median
817.90 ms and p95 1,077.76 ms across 10 samples.
• Payload and artifact sizes in that run: 724-byte proof JSON, 763-byte complete request JSON,
38,561-byte WASM, 41,244-byte proving key.
• Backend unit suite contains 11 focused tests. It was not rerun in the document-authoring runtime
because the backend Python dependencies were not installed in that isolated runtime; run the
documented command in the project backend environment before release.
BENCHMARK INTERPRETATION These timings differ from the older website research snapshot, demonstrating
why benchmarks need date, environment, sample count, and percentile. Update public benchmark pages
from a controlled campaign before making performance claims.
PAGE 43
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 32 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Deployment, observability, and incident response
The operational practices needed to run the verifier safely.
Deployment checklist
• Terminate TLS at a trusted edge and redirect HTTP to HTTPS.
• Set exact production CORS origins and verify denied preflights.
• Keep the service-role key in a secret manager and restrict who can read or rotate it.
• Run the backend container as non-root with a read-only filesystem and resource limits.
• Pin the circuit release manifest and verification key in the deployed image.
• Apply edge and account rate limits before expensive verification.
• Use a bounded persistent verifier pool or audited native verifier for predictable latency.
• Monitor health, dependency status, rejection classes, queue depth, verifier timeouts, database
latency, and receipt conflicts without logging proof bodies or tokens.
• Test backup/restore and receipt-retention deletion procedures.
Incident priorities
Incident-response playbook
Incident Immediate action Follow-up
Revoke/rotate; disable affected service; audit Identify leak path, narrow permissions, notify
Service-role exposure
database access. stakeholders as required.
Rebuild, verify hashes, investigate pipeline, reissue
Artifact mismatch Stop acceptance; roll back to known manifest.
release evidence.
Disable or isolate affected path; deploy patched Revalidate proofs/receipts per risk assessment and
Verifier vulnerability
verifier. publish advisory.
Maintain fail-closed behavior; communicate Restore service, reconcile attempts, test replay
Database outage
degraded status. uniqueness.
Take proof page offline; revoke sessions if Audit scripts, CSP, dependencies, and potential
Frontend compromise
necessary. witness exposure.
PAGE 44
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 33 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Troubleshooting
A symptom-to-cause guide for the most likely setup and runtime failures.
Troubleshooting matrix
Symptom Likely cause Resolution
Set NEXT_PUBLIC variables, restart Next.js, inspect
“Qyvox authentication is not Missing frontend Supabase URL or
browser bundle configuration; never substitute
configured.” publishable key at build/runtime.
the service-role key.
Anonymous sign-ins are off in Supabase Enable Anonymous Sign-Ins and retry with a fresh
Private sign-in disabled
Auth. session.
verified_users query failed: schema, Check /status, backend logs without secrets,
Replay protection temporarily
credentials, network, RLS/service-role, schema deployment, service-role configuration,
unavailable
or Supabase outage. network and project status.
Node missing, verify.mjs/vkey missing,
Confirm image contents, paths, Node runtime,
Verifier temporarily unavailable timeout, nonzero subprocess,
artifact manifest, memory and timeout.
malformed stdout.
Wrong artifacts, public signals, witness, Rebuild one artifact set, verify public order/year,
Proof invalid
or tampered/off-curve points. reproduce circuit smoke test.
publicSignals are not [1, server UTC Use UTC year and a qualifying witness; check
403 current period
year]. time/config override.
Extra/private field, scalar formatting,
422 body validation wrong coordinate dimensions, Send the exact proof-only schema.
protocol/curve mismatch.
Origin absent or has mismatched
Add exact origin to FRONTEND_ORIGINS and
CORS preflight rejected scheme/host/port/trailing
restart API.
configuration.
Account already has receipt or proof Treat as expected idempotency/replay outcome;
Duplicate/409
hash was consumed. decide product recovery policy.
Main-thread proving or Move proving to worker, show progress, reduce
Mobile tab stalls
memory/thermal pressure. constraints/artifacts, benchmark target devices.
PAGE 45
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
PART VIII
Product, business, and research
strategy
How the architecture creates value, which customers benefit, how to evaluate adoption,
and what evidence should guide the next research phase.
01 Value proposition
02 Enterprise adoption
03 Research and benchmarking
04 Open source and assurance
PAGE 46
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER 34 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Product and business value
How to translate the architecture into a credible outcome for buyers, investors, and grant reviewers.
Qyvox’s product value is not “cryptography for its own sake.” It is the ability to separate an eligibility
decision from custody of the underlying personal fact. This can reduce the data stored by a relying party,
improve user trust, narrow breach consequences, and make privacy a verifiable system property rather
than a privacy-policy promise.
Stakeholder value map
Audience Primary value Evidence they need
Reduced PII custody with a familiar API Threat model, deployment model, issuer plan, audit
Enterprise buyer
integration. results, SLAs, legal assessment.
Portable browser prover and strict proof- Quickstart, SDK ergonomics, versioned artifacts, tests,
Developer/CTO
only endpoint. performance, self-hosting.
Investor/grant Deep-tech differentiation and defensible Technical proof of work, market problem, milestones,
committee privacy architecture. independent validation, adoption path.
Eligibility without uploading a birth year or Clear UX, trustworthy issuer, transparent disclosure,
End user
identity image to Qyvox. recovery and support.
Public relation and measurable trust Source, R1CS, ceremony transcript, manifests, test
Auditor/researcher
boundaries. corpus, findings and remediation.
Responsible positioning
The honest near-term positioning is “privacy-preserving eligibility infrastructure and research baseline,”
not “complete identity truth.” The strongest commercialization milestone is an issuer-backed credential
flow that preserves the current proof-only relying-party boundary.
CHAPTER 35 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Enterprise adoption and integration
A practical evaluation sequence for prospective relying parties and self-hosting teams.
1. Define the predicate. Identify the minimum fact the business truly needs and the
policy/jurisdiction governing it.
PAGE 47
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
2. Choose issuer trust. Decide which authorities can attest the underlying attribute and how
revocation works.
3. Model public signals. Expose only the necessary result, policy, verifier, challenge, and expiry fields.
4. Integrate SDK. Run proving locally and ensure application analytics never capture witness fields.
5. Integrate API. Authenticate, issue challenges, verify proofs, and consume challenges atomically.
6. Design receipts. Store only identifiers, timestamps, policy references, and fingerprints required for
accountability.
7. Audit. Review circuit, ceremony, frontend supply chain, backend, infrastructure, privacy, and legal
controls.
8. Pilot. Measure completion, error rate, mobile performance, support burden, fraud outcomes, and
user trust.
Enterprise due-diligence summary
Adoption question Current answer
Blockchain required? No. Browser WASM, REST API, and PostgreSQL are sufficient.
Architecture supports it; production packaging, manifests, support, and terms
Can verifier be self-hosted?
remain roadmap work.
The baseline never receives DOB/birthYear; proof privacy is computational
Can Qyvox recover DOB?
under assumptions.
Does it prove truth? Not until a trusted issuer credential is included.
Potentially, through minimization; exact effect is jurisdiction and deployment
Does it reduce compliance scope?
specific.
Exact reuse is blocked now; challenge binding is required for stronger
Can one proof be reused?
freshness.
CHAPTER 36 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Research and benchmarking program
How to produce evidence that is comparable, honest, and useful for engineering decisions.
The current circuit is intentionally small, so performance conclusions must not be generalized to issuer
signatures, revocation proofs, or richer date logic. Every public benchmark should publish hardware,
operating system, browser/runtime, power state, artifact cache state, sample counts, warmup, median,
p95/p99, failure rate, memory, and artifact sizes.
PAGE 48
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Research campaign matrix
Campaign Measurements Decision enabled
Cold/warm p50/p95, peak memory, thermal drift, crash Worker strategy, circuit budget, supported
Mobile prover matrix
rate, artifact download. device floor.
Throughput, p50/p95/p99, queue depth, CPU/RAM,
Verifier load test Pool size, autoscaling, rate limits, SLOs.
timeout/error rate.
Network impairment 3G/4G latency, loss, cache misses, retry behavior. Payload delivery and UX resilience.
Constraints, zkey/WASM size, proving and verification
Circuit growth Issuer/revocation design tradeoffs.
deltas per feature.
Security failure DB outage, stale challenge, verifier crash, malformed Fail-closed confidence and incident
injection points, concurrency exhaustion. readiness.
Completion, comprehension, trust, abandonment, Disclosure language and interface
User study
support questions. improvements.
CURRENT BENCHMARK The 27 August 2026 reference run is a Node measurement on one environment. It is
evidence that the pipeline works—not proof of mobile performance or a production latency guarantee.
CHAPTER 37 / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Open source, auditability, and trust
How public artifacts can convert technical claims into independently reproducible evidence.
• Publish circuit source, R1CS, symbol map, WASM, proving key, verification key, and cryptographic
hashes as one release.
• Publish ceremony transcripts, contributor verification, and the exact circuit hash used during
setup.
• Publish negative tests, benchmark scripts, test vectors, and expected public-signal ordering.
• Maintain a security policy, vulnerability-reporting channel, disclosure timeline, and signed
advisories.
• Separate open-source SDK/circuit licensing from commercial orchestration only with clear,
reviewable terms.
• Track external audit findings and remediation status without presenting a point-in-time audit as
permanent safety.
• Expose a live status page that distinguishes API, verifier, and database readiness without leaking
internals.
A polished portal supports reproducible trust, but it cannot replace published source, artifact hashes,
test vectors, and deployment-key verification.
PAGE 49
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
PART IX
Reference appendices
Compact source-of-truth material for integration, review, operations, and first-time
learning.
01 API examples
02 Glossary
03 Frequently asked questions
04 Release checklist
05 Source-of-truth index
PAGE 50
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
CHAPTER A / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
API examples
Copyable request and response patterns with private fields deliberately absent.
Illustrative authenticated verification request
curl -X POST "$QYVOX_API_URL/api/v1/verify" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer $SUPABASE_ACCESS_TOKEN" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data-binary @proof-bundle.json
Successful response shape; durations are illustrative
{
"verified": true,
"verified_at": "2026-08-27T00:00:00Z",
"trace": {
"proof_system": "Groth16",
"curve": "BN254 / bn128",
"received_fields": ["proof", "publicSignals"],
"stored_fields": ["user_id", "verified_at", "proof_hash"],
"steps": [
{"component": "policy", "outcome": "passed", "ms": 0.1},
{"component": "replay", "outcome": "passed", "ms": 12.3},
{"component": "verifier", "outcome": "passed", "ms": 800.0},
{"component": "database", "outcome": "committed", "ms": 20.0}
],
"total_ms": 832.4
}
}
PROHIBITED BODY FIELD A request that adds birthYear, dob, age, user_id, or any unknown top-level field fails
strict validation. The authorization token belongs in the header, not the JSON body.
CHAPTER B / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Glossary
Plain-language definitions for the cryptography, web, database, and security terms used throughout
Qyvox.
Qyvox glossary
Term Definition
Anonymous authentication A session with a stable account identifier but no required name, email, or profile attributes.
Artifact manifest A signed or published record binding source, circuit, keys, and hashes into one release.
BN254 / bn128 The pairing-friendly elliptic curve used by the current SnarkJS Groth16 setup.
PAGE 51
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Term Definition
A deterministic JSON representation used so equivalent payloads produce the same
Canonical serialization
fingerprint.
A fresh server-issued value that a proof can bind to for stronger replay and front-running
Challenge
resistance.
Circom A language for describing arithmetic constraints used by zero-knowledge proving systems.
Circuit The mathematical relation that decides whether witness and public signals are valid.
Completeness Valid witnesses can produce proofs accepted by an honest verifier.
Constraint A field equation that every valid witness assignment must satisfy.
CORS A browser policy controlling which origins may call an API; not an authentication mechanism.
A cryptographic representation that can bind hidden credential attributes to an issuer
Credential commitment
statement.
Data minimization Collecting, using, and retaining only information necessary for a purpose.
Elliptic-curve point A group element used in proof construction and pairing-based verification.
Fail closed Reject or stop when a security dependency is unavailable rather than bypassing the control.
Finite field A bounded arithmetic system in which operations wrap modulo a large prime.
Front-running Submitting another party’s observed transaction or proof first to capture its effect.
Groth16 A succinct non-interactive argument system with a circuit-specific trusted setup.
A credential presented in an HTTP Authorization header; possession grants the represented
JWT / bearer token
session authority.
A successful prover is understood to know a witness satisfying the relation, under formal
Knowledge soundness
assumptions.
Nonce A value intended for one use, commonly added to make a proof fresh.
Num2Bits A Circom gadget that constrains a value to a specific non-negative bit width.
Pairing A bilinear map used by Groth16 verification to check algebraic relationships efficiently.
PII Personally identifiable information; exact legal definitions vary.
Predicate A yes/no statement such as age eligibility.
Proof Public cryptographic evidence that a witness satisfying the circuit exists.
Proof fingerprint Qyvox’s SHA-256 digest of the canonical proof bundle, used to reject exact reuse.
Proving key Public circuit-specific material used with the witness to generate a Groth16 proof.
Public signal A value intentionally disclosed and cryptographically bound to the proof.
Powers of Tau A reusable multi-party setup phase used by pairing-based SNARK workflows.
Rank-1 Constraint System, the multiplication-of-linear-combinations representation of circuit
R1CS
constraints.
Replay attack Reusing a valid message or proof outside its intended one-time context.
PAGE 52
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Term Definition
Revocation Invalidating a credential before its nominal expiry.
RLS PostgreSQL row-level security, which controls database-row access per role and policy.
SNARK Succinct Non-interactive Argument of Knowledge.
Invalid statements should not be accepted except with negligible probability under
Soundness
assumptions.
Structured reference string Public parameters produced by setup and used by the prover and verifier.
Toxic waste Secret setup randomness that must not remain available to a colluding adversary.
Verification key Public circuit-specific material used to verify Groth16 proofs.
Verifier The algorithm or service that checks a proof against public signals and a verification key.
WASM / WebAssembly Portable bytecode executed by the browser for the witness calculation.
Witness Private and intermediate values assigned to circuit signals for one proof.
A property that the proof reveals no witness information beyond the public statement under
Zero knowledge
the scheme’s assumptions.
CHAPTER C / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Frequently asked questions
Short, review-ready answers that preserve the current implementation boundary.
Can Qyvox recover a user’s birth year?
The server never receives it. Recovering the witness from a valid proof should be computationally
infeasible under Groth16 assumptions; this is not a claim of information-theoretic impossibility.
Does Qyvox need a blockchain?
No. The baseline uses browser WebAssembly, a REST API, and PostgreSQL.
Does the proof prove the year is true?
No. It proves knowledge of a qualifying value. Trusted issuer provenance is the principal production
upgrade.
What is stored?
Authenticated user UUID, verification timestamp, and exact-proof SHA-256 fingerprint.
PAGE 53
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Why is currentYear public?
It binds the proof to a policy epoch the server can check.
Why is isEligible public?
The relying party needs the yes/no result; the circuit forces it to one.
Can a proof be replayed?
Exact payload reuse is blocked. Fresh randomized proofs and front-running require challenge/session
binding for stronger prevention.
What if Supabase is down?
Replay and persistence failures return 502; the service does not claim success.
What if the verifier crashes?
The API returns 503 rather than classifying the proof as invalid.
Are the proving key and WASM secret?
No. They are public artifacts, but their integrity and version provenance remain critical.
Is the setup production-ready?
No. The included ceremony is a reproducible development ceremony on one machine.
Does clearing React state erase RAM?
It removes application references promptly but cannot guarantee physical zeroization in a managed
browser runtime.
Is Qyvox compliant by default?
No. Data minimization helps, but legal and operational obligations depend on jurisdiction and
deployment.
CHAPTER D / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Release and audit checklist
A single gate for cryptography, application, infrastructure, privacy, and evidence before external use.
☐ Circuit policy specification approved by product, legal, and cryptography reviewers.
PAGE 54
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
☐ No unconstrained or underconstrained security-relevant signals found.
☐ Negative, boundary, property, mutation, and cross-implementation tests pass.
☐ Independent circuit and verifier audit findings resolved or explicitly accepted.
☐ Issuer signature/commitment and revocation model implemented for production claims.
☐ One-time challenge, session/verifier binding, policy identifier, and expiry enforced.
☐ Public MPC ceremony complete; transcripts and artifact hashes published.
☐ Frontend artifacts use immutable version binding and strong supply-chain controls.
☐ Birth year absent from requests, logs, analytics, traces, error reports, and database schemas.
☐ Service-role and signing secrets held in managed secret systems and rotation tested.
☐ RLS, grants, and direct browser access validated in a live project.
☐ Rate limits, body limits, timeouts, concurrency caps, and resource limits load-tested.
☐ Mobile prover matrix completed with memory, thermal, latency, and failure metrics.
☐ CORS, CSP, TLS, dependency, container, and penetration-testing controls verified.
☐ Monitoring and alerting avoid private payload capture and are tested under failure injection.
☐ Retention, deletion, incident response, backup/restore, and user-rights procedures approved.
☐ Legal/compliance review completed for each target jurisdiction and use case.
☐ Release manifest signed; deployed WASM, zkey, and verification key match it.
☐ User-facing copy states capabilities, assumptions, and limitations accurately.
CHAPTER E / QYVOX IMPLEMENTATION GUIDE
Source-of-truth index
The implementation files a reviewer should inspect first.
Implementation evidence index
Question Primary source
What relation is proved? circuits/age_check.circom
How are artifacts generated? circuits/setup.sh
Which adversarial cases are tested? circuits/smoke_test.mjs and backend/test_main.py
How are performance values measured? circuits/benchmark.mjs
How is the proof created locally? frontend/lib/zkProver.ts
PAGE 55
QYVOX / TECHNICAL & PRODUCT HANDBOOK
Question Primary source
When is the witness cleared? frontend/components/ProofDemo.tsx
What body is sent? frontend/lib/verifyProof.ts
How is anonymous auth configured? frontend/lib/supabaseClient.ts
What does the API accept and enforce? backend/main.py
How is SnarkJS isolated? backend/verify.mjs and backend/Dockerfile
What is stored? supabase/schema.sql
What does the live end-to-end test cover? backend/live_integration_test.mjs
What are known limitations and setup steps? README.md, /whitepaper, /docs, /faq
Final perspective
Qyvox already demonstrates the most important architectural inversion: the sensitive witness stays on
the user side while the verifier receives a proof of the policy fact. The engineering baseline is credible
because the circuit, proof generation, strict API, replay store, receipt schema, and execution trace can
be inspected and tested. Its next stage is equally clear: add issuer-backed provenance, exact-date policy,
cryptographic freshness, an independent ceremony, hardened operations, and external audit without
surrendering the proof-only server boundary.
QYVOX Prove the fact. Keep the data.
PAGE 56